So in this example we will consider a very simple or service application which would consist in adding
two integer numbers.
So here in the right side we have a client code to the client which we send a request message containing
2 integer values x and y.
When the integer values are received by the server it's going to make local computations here and then
the second step it will send back a response message containing the value of x y that is the sum of
x and y and will be received by the client.
So of course we really need to define a request message that will contain two values x and y and then
we need to define a response method that will contain only one binding that will have the sum X plus
1.
So this is very important to note because when we will create dissatisfied we we need to have this information
and then we will define the application logic in the server that will add the integer values together
and then sent back response to the client.
And when you find the application logic in the cloud that will be sending the request to the server
and waiting back for the response.
So this is a very simple but it's an illustrative example.
And implementing any service will go through the same steps that I'm going to present in this video.